Update issue templates (#2012)
alphagov/govuk-frontend: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/feature-request.md

---
name: "✨ Feature request"
about: Suggest a new feature or idea
title: ''
labels: "feature request, awaiting triage"
assignees: ''

---

<!--

>   Before raising this feature request, please make sure you have checked that it isn’t already captured in:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Before you raise this feature request, please check that it isn’t already captured in:
```

>   - the community backlog: https://design-system.service.gov.uk/community/backlog/

Reviewer 2: Sometimes we do ask people to promote issues from the backlog to the frontend repo, and if a feature has been 'lost' in the backlog raising it in the frontend repo seems like a good way to try and drive it forward. Is this definitely something we want to discourage?

Author: That's a good point, I think that's an oversight - we don't actually we want to discourage that. 

I wonder if we can say something along the lines of making sure to check the issue hasn't been raised already, but if it has to add your comment to that issue to help us understand when multiple users are experiencing the same problems/need the same features.

Do you have any ideas on this @EoinShaughnessy ?

Reviewer: Sorry for the late response! This is what me and Vanita discussed adding:

"Your issue might already exist. If so, add a comment to the existing issue instead of creating a new one. You can find existing issues here:
  - all GOV.UK Frontend issues: https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-frontend/issues
- known validation error/warning list: https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-frontend/issues/1280#issuecomment-509588851"

Let me know if I should edit the window above to include this (or similar)!

Author: @36degrees I've updated the templates with Eoin's suggestion - do you think that makes it clearer?

Reviewer 2: I think this file (`feature-request.md`) still needs updating?

Author: Done 👍

  - an existing Github issue: https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-frontend/issues

  If you are proposing a new component or pattern, please follow the instructions here: https://design-system.service.gov.uk/community/propose-a-component-or-pattern/

>   Please fill in as much of the template below as you’re able to. If you're not sure whether the issue already exists or you're not sure how to fill in the issue template, feel free to open an issue anyway and our team will help you to complete the rest.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Please fill in as much of the template below as you’re able to. If you're unsure whether the issue already exists or how to fill in the template, open an issue anyway. Our team will help you to complete the rest.
```

-->

## Related component
<!-- Does this feature relate to an existing component? -->

## Context
<!-- What are you trying to do? Is this something you think should behave differently, or something that you currently cannot do? Is this related to an existing issue/bug? -->

## Alternatives
<!-- Are you currently using a workaround / alternative solution instead? -->

> 

Reviewer 3: Just an idea but I wonder if we should add one more section to ask whether the person raising this thinks that any documentation for the feature might be required. Perhaps especially in terms of whether the feature will need guidance to be added to the Design System website? 

The section name could be followed by "(if applicable)" as we can't expect users to necessarily be aware of how we document things but it would be useful insight if they had any thoughts in this area.

Author: @hannalaakso That's an interesting idea - can you give an example of the kind of thing a user might note down in this section, so I get a better idea of what you mean?

Reviewer 3: For instance, with a feature request such as https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-frontend/issues/1656 it would be interesting to understand how the person raising the issue sees the feature being documented in the Design System. This particular feature request touches on all the components and other things too, so it might not be immediately clear to our team where/how we would tell our users about it. Asking questions about documentation could possibly prompt the person raising the card to expand on whether the feature they've proposed would be opt-in or on by default too. 

But I'm happy to leave this out at least for now, we'd probably want to think about it a bit more..! Maybe once we have a better idea of how the issue templates are received we can think of further tweaks like this.

Author: Thanks @hannalaakso , really helpful to see that issue! From my point of view, I think I'd prefer to leave that out for now (at least for the trial) and see how things go... My gut instinct is that for the majority of issues raised it'll be clear how any change affects our documentation and it'll be something we can deal with internally as a team (I guess that's something we can test during the trial), so I'm leaning towards leaving that section out and either expecting more advanced users to pro-actively add details if they think it requires a big documentation change __or__ we have to go back to the user and ask.

> <!-- Can you achieve the same result with an alternative solution? -->

Reviewer 2: What are we trying to ask for here? Are we asking for the user to try and come up with other ways we could solve the same problem? Are we trying to understand if the user has a workaround they can make do with?

Author: I think this was about understanding if the user has a workaround that they're using to 1) understand what a different solution might look like, and 2) to help us prioritise feature suggestions. But I can see it's not very clear from that description. I've changed it to this to hopefully make it clear that we don't expect a user to try and come up with other solutions if they're not already using one:

```
## Alternatives
<!-- Are you currently using a workaround / alternative solution instead? -->
```
